Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of the Grand Prixquel Podcast.
Today we'll be talking about the world of karting with the WSK Super Master series, which just ended just this past week.
Your hosts today are Hayden and Robin. So yeah, let's get right into it.
Let's start off with a quick intro on each of the karting categories.
So I'll go from like the youngest to the oldest.
So the youngest category, like the very beginning, is the mini-under 10 category, which it's in the name, it's for karters under 10.
And then there's also the mini-group 3 category, which is for karting between 8 and 12.
But usually you see the people between 8 and 10 do the mini-under 10 because they're under 10.
Then after mini group 3, you have OK-J and OK-NJ.
So OK-J is usually for karters between 12 and 14.
OK-NJ is basically just a simplified version of OK-J and it's generally cheaper than OK-J.
And it's usually 11+ instead of from 12 to 14.
Then there's OK and OK-N or sometimes you'll hear them be called OK Senior because there's OK Junior.
So OK is for karting over 14.
And same thing with the difference between OK-J and OK-NJ.
OK and OK-N, it's the same thing.
OK-N is just simplified and cheaper.
And then there's KZ2, which is usually 15+.
And it's different to all other karting categories because it has gears and stuff.
And also I fell into this hole when, because normally I don't really watch the podiums.
So when I was watching the finale at Franciacorta, I ended up watching the podiums.
And what you don't realize is that KZ2, there's a lot of like grown adults driving.
So I got jump scared when I was watching the podium, watching a grown man with a beard walk out.
KZ2 is a very mixed field because you do have like, some drivers who are fresh from OK.
Like Max Orlov, I believe, is like 17, 18, 19, somewhere now.
Yeah, so you have some of those young karters.
But then you also have; because this is the highest karting category and like there's no age limit.
There are also plenty of older men, because there are some who do end up staying in karting, which honestly, I kind of love that for them.
But some do make it honestly a bit of a serious career in KZ2, because there are actually like some series to like that are specifically for like 30+ or something like that.
Um, WSK doesn't.
But yeah, so KZ2 is a very mixed field.
And with KZ2 as well, it has become kind of a trend the past like, couple of years.
Drivers will skip KZ2 and will go straight from OK to F4.
Like, okay, for example, I'm pretty sure Bondarev skipped KZ2.
Dries Van Langendonck did as well.
Yeah, I don't remember Craigie doing any KZ2.
So it's kind of the past few years, it's become- a lot of drivers have been skipping it.
Um, so yeah.
Also, just to mention, these age limits, they’re not really super strict on them.
Like they are in like single seater categories.
Um, like, for example, in OK Senior, if you're like turning 14, you can still do it.
Like, we'll get into this in a bit.
But Noah Baglin just turned 14, but he was competing in OK Senior.
Same thing with Perico.
He's 11 currently, right?
But he's currently competing- he was competing in OK-NJ and plans to be competing in OK-J, which, as we just said, is for people over 12.
So yeah, unlike F4, for example, they're not really super strict on like the ages.
Sometimes, like certain championships or certain series will have their own like regulations on it.
Like, like, if you look in the WSK, like, rule book, sometimes it'll say you have to be this age to do this.
But like, and some series will have that where it say you have to be this age to do this category.
Or like, I know they have a rule about like current, like if you turn the oldest you can be in a category, like if you turn that age during the series, it's fine.
Like, anyways, they have their own like rules usually, too.
Yeah.
So moving on, we're going to get into this year's Super Master Series.
But before that, I want to quickly go through a couple of drivers who have won the Super Master Series in the past.
So there's drivers who are currently in F1, you know, Max Verstappen, Kimi Antonelli, Arvid Lindblad.
There's drivers who are still in the feeder series ladder, like Rafael Camara, James Egozi, Ean Eyckmans, Dries Van Langendonck
And so on.
There's a lot of drivers.
So I'm just mentioning a few.
There's drivers who have made careers elsewhere, like Callum Ilott, who's currently, well, should be competing in IndyCar, but we all know what happened.
And is currently competing in IMSA.
Antonio Fuoco, who's doing endurance racing.
Dennis Hauger, who's also in IndyCar.
And drivers have won it in like the ring category- Max, won it in KZ2 in 2013.
Dries won in OK in 2025.
So like each of these is what each of these drivers has won like different categories, but they still won the series like overall.
Yeah.
So if we want to get into the 2026 Super Master series now, I think we should start off with the under-10s.
Yes.
We'll kind of just make our way up.
So, yes, with mini under-10, of course, we had Zayne Burgess win the championship, which he secured with one round left.
He was spectacular this year.
Yeah, he was really good.
Yes.
He won three of the five finals and he was P2 in the other ones.
So he was doing great.
Very consistent.
I'm pretty sure the ones that he got P2, for sure one of them, it was a wet race too.
So like, yeah.
Zayne Burgess, so he is an Andretti junior, which is worth mentioning.
There's a lot of academy juniors in this category.
So we'll talk about as many of those as we can.
We might have forgotten people.
If so, I'm sorry.
Yes.
Zayne, he is, I believe this might be his last year doing, he probably will be in the mini group three next year.
But yeah, I mean, such a standout talent.
Like, this kid's going places, I'm telling you.
Whether that's…
We'll check back in a couple years and see what he's doing.
Whether he ends up going the IndyCar route with Andretti or if he ends up taking the F1 route.
I mean, he's only like nine, so he's got quite a few years to figure it out.
How young these kids are scares me.
It scares him.
It's scary.
I will be watching this kid's career so closely because he's crazy.
The thing with Zayne, too, is it was a very common pattern I noticed throughout the Super Master series.
Where, like, sometimes, like, the heats and the pre-finals, he starts back a few places.
But he's really good at making up places.
Or, like, if he ever dropped places, he went right back up the field.
So, he is very strong when it comes to overtakes.
Reminds me a bit of another Jamaican-American driver.
Sorry, I had to mention it.
Yes, of course.
We got our Alex Powell mention.
Another Jamaican-American.
Yeah.
And then, in some other notable drivers in the Mini Under 10 category, we have Sasha Miras, who was P2 in the championship.
Sasha won the two races that Zayne didn't.
So, two of the five finals.
So sad.
Retired- he retired from the round two final, which, once again, was a wet race.
Well, at least the pre-finals, I believe, were what were…
I believe the track was dry by the time the finals came along.
And, honestly, some of his pre-finals were rough, but he was very strong, very consistent.
I love watching Sasha.
He provided some pretty good competition for Zayne.
So, yeah.
And then, we have Blake…
Oh, goodness.
I'm so sorry if I totally butchered this pronunciation.
I believe it's…
I believe it's Hsueh, but I don't know.
We have Blake Hsueh.
And he started out pretty average.
Like, kind of low points.
But he put in some really good results the last few rounds.
And he did take a pre-final win in round 4.
So…
And he was P3 in the championship.
So, yeah.
He kind of built up.
He improved as the season went on.
Or the series went on.
And then, another minor mention in this category is Jack Wolff, which is Toto Wolff's son.
He actually did really well.
He had some really good races.
He was on the podium a couple times.
Yeah.
He did great.
I don't know off the top of my head where he finished the championship.
I believe he was like P4, P5- P5 maybe.
So, he did pretty well.
Yeah.
And then, kind of moving on to the mini group 3.
Before we talk about the drivers…
Oh my gosh.
We need to talk about that final.
Oh!
That final.
Because Ferguson was…
Ferguson was…
Okay.
We go into this last round with Ferguson leading the championship.
And he was, like, leading the race of all the championship contenders.
He was the one that was, like, leading the race.
But then he gets a three-second penalty.
I believe it was for his starting procedure.
Which dropped him all the way down to P8.
Which meant that…
Because Pace was…
When Ferguson dropped Pace, went out of all the championship contenders.
Pace was the one that was in the lead.
And El Gahoudi is P1.
But he was…
El Gahoudi wasn't able to take the title with Pace there.
But regardless, El Gahoudi was P1 in the race.
But Pace was P1 in the championship.
All because it literally all came down to Ferguson and that penalty.
If it wasn't for Ferguson's penalty, he would have taken the title.
But…
So, that's so unfortunate for Ferguson.
Can you…
I can't even imagine.
Like, you lose the championship all because of one little penalty.
But…
That's really sad.
I know.
Ugh.
And it makes it even sadder that these guys are kids.
They're so young.
Literally, like, 10 at the most.
But, like…
Or 12 at the most.
But, literally, it was crazy.
I was very happy that El Gahoudi won the race.
Because that's, like, North African…
That's my North African brother.
Morocco.
Yeah, he drives…
Well, he's Moroccan and he's also French.
Yeah, and then he switched to the French flag for the…
But they still played the Moroccan.
Yeah, they played the Moroccan anthem, which was really nice.
So, it ended up being Pace, who took the title.
And then in P2 was El Gahoudi.
And then P3 was Ferguson.
And then P4 was Godschalk.
Which I feel so bad for Godschalk.
Because Godschalk was P2 in the championship leading into this round.
But he had a pretty rough race.
He's just had some really rough luck.
So, Godschalk is a Red Bull junior.
In the past, he's won a lot of things.
He's won…
In 2025 alone, he won the Mini Under 10 Championship, the WSK Euro Series.
He won the WSK Final Cup.
He won Championship of the Future Academy.
He won the IAME Winter Cup, just to name a few.
Last year.
Just last year.
I mean, you could say that Wynn wins a lot.
Yeah, Wynn, he's a winner.
He hasn't had the best of luck.
But he is very talented and has shown so much potential throughout the Super Master series.
He won one final and two pre-finals.
And like I said, he was P2 in the championship going into the final round.
And then he just kept…
He was dropping and it was a rough race.
Okay.
And I feel bad.
But yeah, he ended up P4 in the championship, unfortunately.
But I think he has plenty to take away from the series because I thought he did really well.
And then P2 in the championship.
Obviously, we have Daniel Ferguson.
He actually never won a final.
He only won one pre-final.
But he was pretty consistent and was regularly at the top of the field.
So that's why, just with the point system…
With the point system, you actually get…
The points increase each round.
Anyways, he just was consistently at the top of the field.
So he just really built up the points.
Which I don't necessarily think it's a bad thing that he didn't win.
Because I think consistency is key.
But yeah, he was so winning the title if that wasn't for that penalty.
We will see more from him for the rest of the year.
Or whatever other series he competes in.
I believe he's doing champions…
We'll talk about this later.
But I believe he's doing Champions of the Future.
So we can watch him there.
Actually, no, he's not.
Because he's not old enough.
Then we have Nahyl El Gahoudi.
Who was P3 in the championship.
He won two finals and a pre-final.
And he actually, like…
Going into the last round, he was P5 in the championship.
And ended up P2 in the championship.
So, yeah.
He was, like, really good in the heats, especially.
Actually, I think we should probably talk about the points system a bit.
Because you get points for the heats.
The pre-finals and the finals.
And as the rounds go on, the amount of points you get increases.
So, like…
I don't know the exact numbers.
But let's say you get 50 points for a win in round one.
That would become, like, 80 points or something in round five.
Like I said, I don't know the actual numbers.
That is the actual number.
It's 50, 60, 70, 80, 80.
And then, obviously, the pre-finals are less.
And then the heats are even less.
But…
And then, like, in round one, I believe only the top, like…
It's, like, seven or eight in the heats that get points.
But then that increases.
Like, by round five, I believe it's, like, the top, like, 14 in the heats or something that get points.
I don't know off the top of my head.
But it's something like that.
But, like, basically, it increases.
Everything increases over the rounds.
So, yeah.
And with the heats, it's not, like, each individual heat you get points for.
It's, like…
Because you do…
Each driver does three heats.
And, like, basically, they have, like…
You earn penalty points depending on where you place.
So, the farther back you place, the more penalty points you get.
And then after all your three heats, you add up all, like, the penalty points.
And whoever has the least amount is, like, P1 in the ranking after the heats.
And that determines.
The ranking after all the heats, after you've calculated all the penalty points, that's what determines, like, the actual points for the championship.
So, whoever's P1 in the ranking after the heats will get full points for the heats.
So, that's the gist of it.
But…
Go back to the drivers.
We went on a little tangent.
Then we have, of course, we have Pace, who won the title.
Which, such a comeback, honestly.
Like, so, he won a final, a pre-final.
But he was, like, really consistent.
He was consistently in the top of the field.
Like, he was…
I'm pretty sure when he went back, like, in all the races, I'm pretty sure he was top five, for the most part.
Like, in everything.
So, really good by him.
It’s such…
For sure, deserved that title.
He had a really good race.
Even if it was a little bit lucky with Ferguson's, like, penalty.
Like, he had a really good race in Franciacorta.
So, yeah.
And then another slightly notable mention.
We have Devin Titz, who is a Mercedes junior.
And, yeah, he was, like, P10 in the championship.
But he…
I'm pretty sure he is relatively new to the category.
So, I mean, he's pretty young.
Going from one Mercedes junior to another.
I know you really want to talk about Perico, so…
Yes.
Oh, my gosh.
Okay. So, moving on to…to… OK-NJ.
Oh god.
Okay.
Let's strap in.
Okay, so…
Leave me to…
I'll do it to you.
First of all, Niccolò Perico, he's a Mercedes junior.
They actually call him ‘Nik Dangerous’ on track.
He has a nickname.
Which, okay.
Aura.
Like…
Nik Dangerous.
That's insane.
That's epic.
Simply because he's just that good.
Like, he's on track.
And, like, everyone else is just fighting for P2 because they just know Perico is going to take it.
But I specifically…
Like, before I talk about how insane this kid is, that last race…
Oh, my gosh.
Okay.
So, it all started out…
He actually was fast all weekend in round five.
But there is one heat where he actually retired from.
And judging on his Instagram post, I believe it was a mechanical issue, which is unfortunate.
So, he literally got P1 in the other two heats, but he retired from one heat, which, unfortunately, because of the way that works with the penalty points, he was P7 in the rankings after the heats.
Which meant that in the pre-final, he started a little ways back.
But he actually…
He won the pre-final.
So, it's like, okay.
Of course he won it.
Like, why?
But with the way it also works, he started P5 in the final, literally because of that heat that he retired from.
And the race itself, it started out so great.
He, like I said, started P5 and he jumped to P2, like, right away at the start.
And by lap two was P1.
So, insane.
Crazy work.
And then, he kind of actually hit some really good battles for P1.
But, like, every single time he lost P1, he took it right back.
Like, I love watching him race because his moves, he's just…
He's so good.
Like, just the dives that he does and the way he defends, he's so fun to watch.
But then, towards the end of the race, he gets pushed off the track, which drops him to, like, P7.
We thought he was out of the race.
I mean, like, during the race, the commentators were like, oh my god, he's out.
And then, he ended up not being out.
I thought he was out, too, and I was freaking out.
But no, he was P7.
And after penalties, he ended up being P5.
But the driver did get a penalty for it.
But, of course, that doesn't change anything for Perico's race.
Because, yeah, he literally was leading.
He was going to win.
Let's be real.
He was going to win it.
And he got pushed off the track and finished P7, I guess, P5 after the penalties.
And literally, because of that, he didn't get the clean sweep.
He won every other final before this.
And every pre-final besides one.
But, yeah, he won every final before this.
And he didn't win this one.
He didn't get the clean sweep because he got pushed off track.
I have never been more devastated in my life.
Now, here's the thing.
He already secured the title a whole round ago.
So, he was fine in the championship.
Like, by a long shot, by the way.
It wasn't even close.
Like, he, like, doubled the points, pretty much.
So, he was fine.
But I just wanted him to take the clean sweep because no one has done that.
So, yeah, I wanted him to take the clean sweep.
Honestly, in my head and in my heart, he did because he would have won that one had it not been for being pushed off.
But, yeah.
So, he ended up ending the series, four out of five finals, four out of five pre-finals, which the one pre-final he didn't win, he was P2.
And it was, once again, it was a wet race.
And he won 12 out of the 15 heats.
Or, like, yeah.
But, like, the heats that he didn't win, he still was P1 in the rankings after the heats, except for, like I mentioned, Franciacorta in the last round because he retired from that one.
But, anyways, he was crazy in the Super Master series.
And, actually, I heard the commentators mention this a couple times where they were like, I wonder if anyone in WSK history has ever done a clean sweep like this.
I looked back at all their previous results.
Literally, nobody has done.
Granted, obviously, he didn't end up getting that last win.
But, like, even then, nobody has swept like Perico has.
It's kind of hard to compare some years because some years they, like, only had, like, three or four rounds.
The closest anyone got to sweeping was in KZ2.
But KZ2 is really hard to compare to OK-NJ.
Like, they're so very different.
It's like we said, there's grown adults competing in KZ2.
And the ones that were almost sweeping were, like, all grown adults.
And also, they had less rounds.
So, like, but basically, nobody, nobody was doing, has done it like Perico has.
Even Kimi Antonelli.
Like, when talking about Perico, kind of, we really see that pattern that Kimi Antonelli was having where he's, like, winning pretty much everything he touches.
But in WSK, even Kimi Antonelli wasn't sweeping like this.
Like, Kimi, at least, like, was kind of, like, fighting for the title.
Whereas Perico, like, was, it wasn't even difficult.
Like, he just, no fight, which is just crazy, man.
Like, now, I did the math, okay?
Because I'm insane like that.
So, of all, like, the laps in the, in the heats, the pre-finals and the finals, he led 77% of those laps.
That's crazy.
That's crazy work.
And if we don't include round five, you know, with the retirement and with the horrors of round five, he led 84%.
So, that's just insane to me.
And so, he secured the title, like I said, with one round left.
And he only missed out on points three times.
The first time, like I said, he got P2 in a pre-final.
So, he missed, like, 10 points.
And then, in one of the heats, the heat that he retired from, he missed out on six points.
And then, of course, the final in Franciacorta, we finished, after all the penalties, he finished P5.
So, yeah.
You know, Franciacorta, lots of positives.
Like, I talk negatively about the race, but he did have, like, a lot of positives from it.
No one, honestly, was in OK-NJ.
No one was beating Perico.
But, like, the closest competition was D’ascoli and Latinen.
Especially Latinen, because Latinen was very consistent, very consistently at the top of the field.
But, like, Perico, it was not even close.
Like, not even.
Moving on to OK-J, the final round in OK-J was, it was kind of crazy.
So, let's put it into perspective.
We had the two main, like, championship contenders, Daniel Miron and Antonio Pizzonia.
Pizzonia was leading the championship heading into the last round.
He had been leading for pretty much the whole time at this point.
But the race…
What is he doing in P27 again?
I kind of forgot.
Yes.
So, basically, Miron was P2 and was fighting for P1.
So, Miron was P2 in the championship and in the race, he was P2 fighting for P1.
And he was very close to getting that P1.
But he was pushed off track and fell back to P28.
Had Miron won the race, he would have taken the title from Pizzonia.
But he got pushed off the track, which there was actually no penalty for it, which…
I feel like there should have been a penalty.
I should have rewatched the clip, but part of me is a little bit shocked that there wasn't a penalty.
He was pushed right off the track.
So, literally, whoever pushed Miron off the track saved Antonio Pizzonia.
Because Antonio Pizzonia finished P27 in the race.
Why was he P27? I forgot.
He had a very rough…
Was it just a bad quali?
No.
He started…
He started pretty high up, but he just kept dropping.
He had a very rough final, but…
And, like, that's not to say…
I think Pizzonia deserved the title because Pizzonia was very…
He took, like, the most wins in…
Like, the most wins and the most poles in the OK-J category.
And I was rooting for him from the start.
So, like, I'm very happy for Antonio Pizzonia.
But, yeah.
Miron, it literally…
I feel so bad for Miron because I can't even imagine.
Yeah.
But, yeah.
Pizzonia, he won two finals and four pre-finals.
Which, I think, four pre-finals is crazy.
But, yeah.
I talked about the horrors of round two.
I keep mentioning…
Because that was when it rained.
Like, during…
Yeah, there was a lot of rain that round.
Yeah, there was a lot of rain.
So, yeah.
And, like, he started out very strong.
Like, in rounds one and two.
And then, like, he kind of had a bit of a rough patch towards…
Like, in, like, towards the end.
But for the most part.
Pizzonia was really consistent and really strong.
So…
And then Daniel Miron.
Honestly, like, kind of, like, same as some other drivers where he, like, started out kind of rough.
But he just got stronger each round.
And…
But, like, he finished high in most of the finals.
He won one of them.
But, yeah.
He also had some struggles.
I feel like any…
Like, pretty much every driver is going to have their struggles.
And then there's two drivers here that are part of…
Like, F1 team academies.
So, you have Will Green, who's a Williams junior.
And Many Nuvolini, who's a Mercedes junior.
Mercedes has a lot of juniors in karting.
Yeah, Will Green.
He was pretty consistent.
And I think he maybe could have caught Pizzonia.
He ended up P2 of the championship.
Yeah.
And, I mean, I think it was either between…
Like, if it wasn’t Pizzonia, it was either Miron or Green.
So, yeah.
Will Green.
Yeah.
He was really great during the series.
Nuvolini.
He was P11 in the championship.
But, I mean, he has some wins up his sleeve in the past.
So, like, I'm not too worried about the P11.
Also, in such a large field, P11 isn't…
Yeah, like, how many drivers were there?
There were a lot of drivers.
A lot.
I mean, that's why they split them up, like, into…
Like, I would say, if I'm guessing, there's probably, like, 70-something total.
Yeah.
So, P11 overall is not bad.
Yes.
Not bad at all.
So, yeah.
That's OK-J.
And then stepping up to OK or OK Senior.
So, Luke Kornder.
Luke Kornder was P4 in the championship.
I want to talk about it because he actually struggled a lot in, like, the start of the series and the cut in the middle.
Like, basically, most of the series he struggled.
But he dominated round five.
And it was so nice to see him dominate because, like, yeah, he just had so many ups and downs this season.
He ended up winning one final and two prefinals.
Like, in South Garda, for example, which is round four, he was, like, forced to retire before the prefinal.
He just did not have luck on his side a lot this series.
But he does have, like, previous, like, last…
I believe he won the final cup last year in WSK.
And then he has some, like, German titles.
So, it was, yeah, it was just nice to see him finally have a good round.
But, yeah, the winner of OK though was Lev Krutogolov.
Kru…
Oh, my gosh.
Kruzlo…
Lev.
Kru…
Krutogolov.
You said it right the first time.
There's no Z, though.
I don't know.
Lev Kru…
Kru…
Oh, my gosh.
I'm just…
Whatever.
Lev Kru…
Kru…
Oh, my gosh.
So, yeah, he won the title.
He won two finals and three prefinals and was very consistent.
So, honestly, yeah.
Not surprised he took it.
But with OK, okay, I feel like of all the categories, OK was, like…
I guess OK-Junior was also really close.
But OK, like, was also pretty close for, like…
There were, like, quite a few contenders who it could have been.
And then, because Zac Drummond was P2.
And honestly, he was arguably more consistent.
But he actually never took any wins besides one pre-final.
But, like I said, he was very consistently at the top of the field.
And then we have some juniors.
More F1 juniors.
So, you have Dean Hoogendoorn, who's a Williams junior.
Noah Baglin, who's a Ferrari junior.
And James Anagnostiadis, who's a Mercedes junior.
Another Mercedes junior.
There's so many of them.
So many.
So, Hoogendoorn and Baglin are both, like, quite young.
Like, Baglin just turned 14.
And Hoogendoorn’s not even 14 yet.
But, like we said earlier, like, they're not super duper strict on the age.
Like, the age.
Like, the minimum age.
With Baglin, like, he's a pretty big name in karting.
Um, because he won the FIA title last year.
And then he had, like, he had some really good fights with Kenzo Craigie in, like, 2024 and 2025.
Because, yeah, he ended up in 2024, I believe Kenzo Craigie won the title.
And he missed out on it.
But he had some really good fights with Kenzo Craigie.
So, he's a pretty, like, because I believe he also is with Prema, technically.
But with Ferrari as well.
But, yeah, he struggled kind of a lot.
In the Super Master series.
But, like we said, he's really young.
And, like, he has, like I said, he's been very strong in other series in the past.
I mean, FIA karting is, like, very, like, high-end karting.
So, like, even though he struggled in the Super Master series, like, he still has, like, quite a lot on his resume.
And then, I don't know, did you want to talk about Hoogendoorn?
So, yeah.
Dean Hugendorn, like I said, he's a Williams junior.
He wasn't really, like, up there a lot during, like, first couple weekends.
Kind of like a lot of other drivers in the series overall.
But then he showed up in the last round.
And he did really well.
And, like I said, he's not even 14 yet.
Like we said, OK Senior’s usually for, like, 14-year-olds.
Like, people over the age of 14.
And he's not even 14 yet.
And past achievements.
He won the WSK Final Cup in 2023.
And the FIA Karting European Championship in 2025.
So, let's see if we can build off, like, the performance in Francia Corita for whatever he does for the rest of the year.
He might be doing a Champions of the Future.
A lot of the OK and OK Junior drivers in the WSK Super Master series, a lot of them are doing Champions of the Future.
We'll talk about that in a second after we finish with the KZ2 drivers.
Well, yeah.
So, James Anagnostiadis is a Mercedes Junior.
He also was, like, kind of struggled a lot.
But, like, he was P18 in the Championship, which, like we said, in a very large field.
That is actually not that bad.
But, I mean, he's a Mercedes Junior.
Like, he still has, I honestly don't even know what title specifically he has.
But, I believe, because I was looking at the Mercedes website, he may have won something in FIA.
But, I don't remember.
So, yeah.
Actually, I said that Dean, kind of, like, he didn't really do very well in the beginning.
But, he actually ended up P6 in the Championship.
Yeah.
Well, to be fair, with the point system, like.
Because he won the final in round two.
And, yeah.
And you get a lot of points from winning, from, like, finishing high in the finals.
So, yeah.
And then, we'll kind of move on to KZ2, which we mentioned many times.
Like, KZ2 is a very different category compared to the other ones for many reasons.
First of all, it's the only one that has, like, gears.
It's way more physically demanding.
Also, with KZ2, if you watch the races, you'll notice they're the only ones that start the races, like, from a stop.
Like, all the others.
They're the only ones that do a standing start.
Yeah.
Like, they go straight from the formation lap.
Because a lot of these karts are, like, you have to push them to start them.
Like, you have to run with them.
But, with KZ2, they are on the grid.
They're stopped.
And then, they have the lights.
And then, they go.
And then, like we mentioned with the age group.
It's a very wide age range.
You have a very mixed field with KZ2.
So, who took the title is Max Orlov.
Which, honestly, not surprised.
Max Orlov, kind of, yeah.
He was very strong.
He had a lot of good results.
He won two finals and four pre-finals.
And, he actually had a pretty good fight with Van Walstijn, who was P2.
Which, so, Senna Van Walstijn, he didn't even, he wasn't even there for round one.
But, he was, like I said, had a pretty good fight with Orlov.
And, the fact that he got that, like, close in points that he did with Orlov, considering he wasn't even there for round one, is honestly really impressive.
Because, yeah, he won three finals and two pre-finals.
But, isn't Senna, wasn't he the reigning champion?
Like, he won last year, I think.
Um, that sounds right to me.
So, I mean, it's…
You mentioned it.
And, also, he's 23.
So, it would make sense why he was so…
He was so strong, like…
I think, had he been there for round one, he could have taken the title, to be honest.
Yes, he probably would have.
Probably.
But, yeah.
So, those two were, like, the pretty big standouts in KZ2.
So, yeah.
So, that's kind of the, kind of, summary of this 2026 Super Master Series.
WSK still has some, some season left.
They have the Euro Series, which round one already happened a few weeks ago.
But, round two will be coming up this April.
So, they have the Euro Series.
And then, there's also the Final Cup towards the end of the year.
And then, kind of outside of WSK, we have Champions of the Future, which I mentioned how a lot of…
So, Champions of the Future is OK and OK Junior.
So, a lot of the field that we saw in WSK will be doing Champions of the Future, including, like, at the top of my head, Perico will be there.
Pizzonia will be there.
Ferguson will be there.
Green will be there.
So, yeah.
Lots of familiar names you will see.
And Champions of the Future is actually this, like, coming weekend.
Well, I guess by the time this comes out, it'll be, like, out already.
But, because what date…
Okay.
So, like, basically the first weekend of April is the first round of Champions of the Future.
Which is this weekend.
Yes.
So, if this episode comes out on Friday, then it will be race weekend.
Yeah, depending on when it comes out.
It might be done already.
And then, what else?
Oh, with Champions of the Future as well, there's also Champions of the Future Academy, which is…
Oh, gosh.
I don't remember which category it is.
But it's different categories.
Because Champions of the Future, like I said, is OK and OK Junior
Whereas Champions of the Future Academy is mini 60.
So, like I mentioned, mini 60 is just combined mini under 10 and mini group 3.
So, yeah.
Mini 60, OK-NJ, and OK-N Senior.
Whereas, like I said, Champions of the Future is OK and OK Jr.
So, slightly different categories.
But, with the first round of OK…
Or, the first round of Champions of the Future Academy already happened.
But, there's some more rounds that will be coming up.
FIA karting is also starting in April.
And then, IAME Euro Series also already started.
But, round two is in April.
And then, kind of an honorable mention is Super 1, which is like a British championship.
It's a more local one.
Like, it's pretty much just a British field.
But, it's like the biggest British championship, honestly.
And, I love Super 1.
If there's any, like, local regional championship I recommend, it's Super 1.
It's very fun to watch.
So, that also starts.
I haven't watched it before.
So, I'll have to check it out.
I watched, because Arvid Lindblad did it a few years back.
And, so I watched his old races.
Actually, my favorite karting race I've ever watched was a Super 1 race.
So, yes.
It is very, it is a fun watch.
So, yeah.
Yeah.
Overall, before, like, we end off this episode, most of these series you can watch for free on YouTube.
For example, the WSK series, they're all on the WSK Promotion YouTube channel.
For pretty much, like, any series, they have their own YouTube channel that they stream the races on.
For the most part, they're all, like, live streamed.
If they're not live streamed, they, like, post the stuff, like, as videos afterwards.
But, for the most part, like, everything is streamed for free on their respective YouTube channels.
We can actually put the links for some YouTube channels just so it's easier to find your way.
But, yes.
Everything is on YouTube, pretty much.
At least, like, the major championships.
Of course, when it comes to, like, the local, smaller championships, those tend to not be live streamed.
But, yes.
All the big ones you can find.
So, yeah.
So, that's it for this episode of the Grand Prixquel Podcast.
If you have any questions, if you have any comments, make sure to let us know.
And follow us on all our social media platforms, TikTok, Instagram, and Twitter @grandprixquel.
Our next episode will be a British F4 preview.
So, stay tuned for that.
And thank you for listening.